# Billing

  What are the benefits of the Paid plans? Our Paid plans offer your team more tools, storage, and support for effective collaboration. For example, our Free plan allows you to create up to 5 projects and up to 300 tasks, while our Paid plans allow you to create an unlimited number of projects and tasks. For more information, please see our Pricing page. If you would like to consult with our team on what plan is right for you, please use the form on our Contact Us page. We are happy to help!   Why do you offer different plans? By offering different plans, we let you pick the plan that is the right fit for your team's needs. For more information, please see our Pricing page.   Does my organization have to purchase a separate plan for every team or do we purchase one plan for the whole organization? Great question! Plans apply by workspace, but workspaces can be further divided into Channels and Projects for different teams. This means that a single organization can have one workspace through which multiple teams collaborate. While you are allowed an unlimited number of members per workspace, we charge monthly by the number of registered members you have. For more information, please see our Pricing page. If you feel that your organization may need a larger framework or other support, please feel free to get in touch with us through our Contact Us page. We are happy to help you find what Swit solution is best for you!   I would like to change my organization's plan. Plan costs are incurred for each member in a workspace, even if a member is inactive. If you do not want to pay for an inactive member, you must remove them from the workspace.   I would like to cancel my plan. Can I get a refund? We're sad to see you go! That being said, plan fees are refundable. You will be billed for the current month (the month in which you applied for the refund), and we will refund you the prorated fees for the remainder of your membership duration.   I would like to add new members to our workspace. How will that be billed? You must update your registered user list in Payment Management in order to manage the number of members in your workspace. You will be billed accordingly per month, per registered user.   If my organization's plan is not renewed, what happens to the data in our workspace(s)? If your organization's plan expires and is not renewed, the data will be retained for a period of time, depending on the membership tier, and then deleted. For more information on data retention grace periods, please refer to our Pricing page.   I would like to add new members to our workspace. How will that be billed? You must update your registered user list in Payment Management in order to manage the number of members in your workspace. You will be billed accordingly per month, per registered user.  